shorter than peugeot rides alone extreme
to unfold
here comes tulaka max
mother
babak
can i only be 2 but
he's there closer to moving to mode
We put asphalt we still hope
here begins good asphalt
apparently grown
mallow what to city administration
Let's see
I usually call these moments here
great pushing on a tulaka
like the move is not closed everything is fine but
there is always a cork always no matter what
I think you will go at 12 o'clock at night
12:00 am you will show traffic jam
moving open
move opening my seemingly
Let no one's minibus
far right they take possession
whether i'm dropping alone them there man
fifteen probably soar the heat I'm
I'll turn on the conder I want to do when
you go still nothing fresh water and when
you are hot and without a woman driving
women in general, a lot of the second woman two
women in a row it is already dangerous even here
three women from somewhere got out side
uazik decided to back up well let's baby
create an accident edrit madrid right me
also a woman on a black car too
It is not clear where she grew up
the number of women behind the wheel exceeds the limit
articles many times more than
men right now climbs on white on
Hyundai checks
it is not enough that inhibits the movement of soup
chatting on the phone
it is awesome to e-mine these should not peel
fine and thrash belt must enter
such a law that I saw a woman
talking on the wheel
paid off
everything will be fine
why women because everybody knows
them unlike men
two hemispheres work immediately and can
has in mind the hemisphere of the brain in
them if she is talking on the phone
all the attention in the phone all the attention in
these problems and no matter she can
go unnoticed
nothing wrong herachit on an opposite and
when it is just killing someone
pancakes here asphalt made a pleasure to go
nice to say
general thanks even nominally here
slightly congratulations on what was
here was the deepest you and I can
there was a car floor in not losing the camera
I jumped out of the village
say abroad such roads that
You can put a glass of water on the panel and
go he did not pliz end
we can put a silicate brick
he will
give more beauty
not even
I know the people whatever the suspension was not
there was such a super jack
Volgograd kidneys you will feel
anytime and anywhere
this is such a pain case mouth boldly
now me now code red matiz
who he got nowhere and
emphasize a woman is already some
5 or 6 woman is extreme that is
she hurries to 100 ropes here you do not
seen there such
bun of pain on camera 5 a little something
fix
I try to catch up with him if it works
damn it is dangerous here because of the turn happens
people go out
They probably on 9 people's lives
does not interfere with what is possible here
moving
I rush open
will hope
but what can we do
hope
he won't catch up now
take away
I will allow myself to drive around because
that in Matiz woman Hyundai woman as
they will behave on the road of the unknown
you allow yourself to get under way a little earlier
on red
to get away from them
good to leave
you do not see the need to once again likely
make rearview cameras to shoot
they still fail to touch
just started off with a traffic light
that is, before the Hyundai is white, remember
Which was
she just he
once again proof that
simple talk
see well, there is less